Right now, if I just run this codes and
rerun the summary, now you can see
that's for instance after flatting our
two dimensional image into one dimension.
So basically it became kind of one layer,
right?
We then connectied to 256 neurons,
each pixel intensity of each pixel will
be provided to all of our 256 neurons.
So each neuron basically
will see the whole image,
and then some of the neurons
will be activated and
the last layer will contain
only ten neurons but
they will be connected to all of our
256 neurons in the previous layer.
So that's what's fully connected.
>> Did our simple mention that?
>> Yes, although I'm not gonna
be drawing all 256 of them.
But sure, I can draw something simple.
So let's switch to diagrams, and So
as I said, we have three layers, flatten,
then dense with 256, and
then dense with ten.
So basically you can imagine
that two dimensional
image Sorry, 28 by 28 pixels, right?
That's our input data
provided to the neurons.
But our neurons in, actually,
we can use even different colors.
So D256, that's our second layer, right?
So imagine we have kinda
200 neurons like this.
So what flattened layer is
doing is just simply taking
first 28 pixels, and
that's gonna be our first 28,
Neurons, or
actually signals provided to the neurons.
But you can think about it as
the intermediate step, right?
And then the next 28 pixels will be
flattened or put right next to it.
So basically that's your first 28,
next 28, and like this another 28 times.
So the last layer will go here.
And what's happening next just because
I said want to have dense layer,
it means that all my signals so
the information from the first pixel,
right, its intensity will be provided
as the channel one for all the neurons.
And yeah, I can basically a lot
of lines like this, right?
And second pixel will be also
connected to all the neurons.
And all the Pixels will
be connected [LAUGH].
So that's the dense layer,
right and then for
the lowest layer where we have one,
two, three, four, ten pixels,
or sorry, ten neurons will
have exactly the same thing.
So first neuron from the previous layer
will be connected to all ten neurons,
second will be connected to all ten
neurons, and so on and so forth.
Basically, it means that
in our connections,
we'll have to have ten multiplied
by 256 weights, right?
So 2,560 Ws,
and then there also should be biases,
right?
So plus 10 biases and
that's how many numbers
will be used here to preserve the state.
So for instance,
whenever pixel is activated here, right?
So with all of those
fully connected layers,
we have all these signals about each
pixel available to all the neurons
in the first layer, right?
So that's our dense layer 1,
and this will be our dense layer 2.
So it basically means that, yes,
we have to keep track of all
of those weights and biases.
And for instance, how the training
will look like for this scenario,
let's say we simply provide its
image of 0, handwritten 0 right?
And we say in okay, you should look at 0,
it means that this neuron should give
us the highest probability, right?
Because it correspond to, 0,
3 so that's going to be neuron,
which should be activated
when it's looking at 0.
So it will simply, if the prediction
was done correctly, right?
So for instance,
the intensity of this particular pixel, or
let me draw with something else.
We took this pixel, right,
which had some intensity,
just because it was
the ink in this pixel and
let's say this was provided for
all the neurons, right?
But remember that we're activating
our weights randomly, right?
So, when we did multiplication
of intensity of this particular
pixel by corresponding weights,
some neurons will not notice it because
weights was simply equal to 0, right?
And some will actually get really strong
signal if the weight was pretty high and
they will propagate a base
to our next layer, right?
And for instance, there is a chance that
prediction will be done correctly, that
we're looking at 0, and that will only
kinda Increase those weights even more.
If we miss predicted, for instance,
although we were looking at 0,
and some of the pathways were activated
but the prediction was made that we
are looking looking at 2, jist because
of the randomness of the weights,
we'll try to actually get rid of those
strong connections by minimizing
the weights and reinforcing the weights
which should have gave us 0 instead.
So that's what backpropagation is doing,
right?
And basically if you do it's
if you train intense in our
model, if we look at for
instance, what can we do?
x_train, and let's look at shape,
you can see that we actually
have 60,000 images.
So you need to have pretty a large
dataset to train your model.
And yeah,
this 28 by 28 does the resolution
of our original handwritten digits.
At the beginning, you're starting with
the random initialized model, right?
But eventually, similar to how
we started with this line right,
and iteratively got to the solution,
we kind of doing the same here.
We starting with all of those
random weights and biases, but
telling our model what
answer we should get,
we simply modifying those weights and
biases to get to the right solution.
But we need to do a lot of
iterations like that, and
our data set should be large enough
with all different variations.
So you can imagine, we have what,
ten different classes and
60,000, yeah 60,000 images,
it means that we have 6,000 images
per each digit, which is pretty huge.